Sometimes a queue or topic may contain messages of different types,
and it is possible for consumers to only be sent messages
based on a property of that message.
Now generally I don't do this, if your messages are of different types,
then I generally create a new queue or topic for those,
but you can use this approach if you want.
In this example, I'm putting two messages on a queue.
One message has a string property defined as CreateOrder,
and the other message has the same string property set to the value UpdateOrder.
Now in my application, I only want to receive messages of type CreateOrder.
Therefore when I create my consumer,
I declare a messageSelector as part of the createConsumer method call.
This messageSelector is a string based on a subset of the
SQL92 Conditional Expression Syntax.
If I start up this application,
then I can see that only the Create Order Message is received by the consumer.
Just to prove that the update order message was actually sent,
if I go and browse the queue in the ActiveMQ Admin console,
then I can see there is still one message on the queue,
and if I look at the content of that message, then it has our update message text.